Test Mode
---------

If the radio is in FM1 or FM2 mode only, holding the "BAL" key for 10+ seconds
enters test mode.

Pressing "TAPE" moves forward through the test mode displays.  After the last
display ("VER"), it wraps around to the first display ("RAD").

Pressing "CD" moves backward through the test mode displays.  After the first
display ("RAD"), it wraps around to the last display ("VER").

No other key seems functional.  The radio seems to stay in test mode
indefinitely.  Holding the "BAL" key for 10+ seconds again exits test mode.

Test mode displays:
  'RAD 3CP T7 '
  'FERN   OFF '
  'VER  0702  '


Set Options
-----------

Holding the "SCAN" key for 5+ seconds enters a mode to set options.

Pressing "TUNE UP" or "SEEK UP" moves forward through the options.  After the
last option ("TAPE SKIP"), it wraps around to the first option ("SET ONVOL").

Pressing "TUNE DOWN" or "SEEK DOWN" moves backward through the options.  After
the first option ("SET ONVOL"), it wraps around to the last option ("TAPE SKIP").

Pressing "SCAN" moves forward through the options.  If "SCAN" is pressed on the
last option ("TAPE SKIP"), no matter what keys were used to get there, the
radio exits this mode.

The current option is changed by turning the volume knob.  The hidden volume
keys do not change the option.

No other key seems functional.  If no key is pressed and the volume knob is
not turned for 30+ seconds, the radio will automatically exits this mode.

Set options displays:
  'SET ONVOL13'
  'SET CD MIX1'
  'TAPE SKIP N'


Diagnostics (KWP1281)
---------------------

The radio is address 56 on KWP1281.  Connecting to the radio on KWP1281 will
cause it to stop whatever it is doing and enter diagnostics mode.  No faceplate
keys seem to work in diagnostics mode.  The radio returns to its previous
operation after exiting diagnostics mode.

Diagnostics displays:
  '     DIAG  '

Special case: if the radio is in Test Mode at the time it is accessed on
KWP1281, it will enter diagnostics mode but it will not show the "DIAG" display.
It will leave the current Test Mode display but the faceplate keys won't work.
After exiting diagnostics mode, the Test Mode will continue to work as it was
before it was interrupted.
